This is my first program written in Visual Basic.
It is a ranked flashcard app.
When you press the button it shows a word and you need to guess its meaning.
When you press again, you get the definitions, translation of the word and some example sentences.
In this app, I have the definitions of the words in Turkish and German.
There are 3 buttons labeled "Easy", "Medium", and "Hard".
Let's select "Hard" for this word.
This will make this word appear more often.
Let's get a new word.
You can press the this button to play the pronunciation of the word.
The pronunciation is also available in International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA).
The second tab contains some example words to pronounce a specific IPA character.
On the third tab, you can see the some options.
Instead of predicting the meaning from the word,
you can see the meaning and predict the word that has such a meaning.
So this was my first program. Thanks for watching.